# 2021.5.18-read_material

## 朗读材料

### Why We Speak More Weirdly at Home

When people share a space, their collective experience can sprout its own vocabulary, known as a familect.

By Kathryn Hymes

I celebrated my second pandemic birthday recently. Many things were weird about it: opening presents on Zoom, my phone’s insistent photo reminders from “one year ago today” that could be mistaken for last month, my partner brightly wishing me “iki domuz,” a Turkish phrase that literally means “two pigs.”

Well, that last one is actually quite normal in our house. Long ago, I took my first steps into adult language lessons and tried to impress my Turkish American boyfriend on his special day. My younger self nervously bungled through new vocabulary—The numbers! The animals! The months!—to wish him “iki domuz” instead of “happy birthday” (İyi ki doğdun) while we drank like pigs in his tiny apartment outside of UCLA. Now, more than a decade later, that slipup is immortalized as our own peculiar greeting to each other twice a year.

Many of us have a secret language, the private lexicon of our home life. Perhaps you have a nickname from a parent that followed you into adulthood. Maybe you have an old joke or a shared reference to a song. Sometimes known as familects, these invented words, pet names, in-jokes, and personal memes swirl and emerge from the mess of lives spent in close quarters. During the pandemic, we’ve spent dramatically more time in those quarters, and our in-group slang has changed accordingly.
2021.5.18

## 难点解析
1. sprout:发芽
2. pandemic:大流行病
3. collective:集体
4. literally:字面上 
5. bungled: 乱七八糟的 done very badly, in a careless or stupid way
6. tiny:微小的
7. slipup:to make a mistake
8. immortalized:to make someone or something so famous that that person or thing is remembered for a very long time
9. peculiar:unusual and strange, sometimes in an unpleasant way
10. lexicon:(a list of) all the words used in a particular language or subject, or a dictionary
11. meme: a cultural feature or a type of behaviour that is passed from one generation to another, without the influence of genes
12. swirl: to move quickly with a twisting, circular movement, or to make something do this
13. emerge:to appear by coming out of something or out from behind something

14. slang: very informal language that is usually spoken rather than written, used especially by particular groups of people
15. accordingly: in a way that is suitable or right for the situation