# 2021.5.19-read_material

## 朗读材料

### Tonal About Us

After struggling with his weight since childhood, Tonal founder Aly Orady finally discovered a solution that worked. Kind of. By strength training consistently for many months, he was able to lose 70 pounds. The problem was this schedule wasn’t sustainable. Just getting to the gym ate up a sizable chunk of his day. And once there, he constantly found himself waiting around for machines and equipment.

Aly refused to believe he had to sacrifice his life to keep his body. So when he couldn’t find a better solution, he invented one. By using electromagnetics to create electronic resistance he found (and patented) a way to replace all the equipment he used in the weight room with a single digital weight machine.

And Aly didn’t stop there. Digital weight unlocked endless possibilities. A machine that knew what you were doing, could respond if programmed. It could actually coach the people using it! This was where the idea for Tonal really took off. Aly envisioned a connected system that assessed what you needed to do, told you how to do it, and let you do it from home, in record time. And then he assembled a team to create it.

## 难点解析
1. **sustainable**:able to continue over a period of time
2. **constantly**:all the time or often
3. **resistance**:the act of fighting against something that is attacking you, or refusing to accept something
4. **patent**: the official legal right to make or sell an invention for a particular number of years
5. **envision**:to imagine or expect that something is a likely or desirable possibility in the future
6. **assess**:to judge or decide the amount, value, quality, or importance of something
7. **assemble**: to come together in a single place or bring parts together in a single group