# 2021.5.28-read_material

## 朗读材料

### Review: Gone With the Wind

By Roger Ebert

"Gone With the Wind” presents a sentimental view of the Civil War, in which the “Old South” takes the place of Camelot and the war was fought not so much to defeat the Confederacy and free the slaves as to give Miss Scarlett O'Hara her comeuppance. But we've known that for years; the tainted nostalgia comes with the territory. Yet as “GWTW” approaches its 60th anniversary, it is still a towering landmark of film, quite simply because it tells a good story, and tells it wonderfully well.

For the story it wanted to tell, it was the right film at the right time. Scarlett O'Hara is not a creature of the 1860s but of the 1930s: a free-spirited, willful modern woman. The way was prepared for her by the flappers of Fitzgerald's jazz age, by the bold movie actresses of the period, and by the economic reality of the Depression, which for the first time put lots of women to work outside their homes.

Scarlett's lusts and headstrong passions have little to do with myths of delicate Southern flowers, and everything to do with the sex symbols of the movies that shaped her creator, Margaret Mitchell: actresses such as Clara Bow, Jean Harlow, Louise Brooks and Mae West. She was a woman who wanted to control her own sexual adventures, and that is the key element in her appeal. She also sought to control her economic destiny in the years after the South collapsed, first by planting cotton and later by running a successful lumber business. She was the symbol the nation needed as it headed into World War II; the spiritual sister of Rosie the Riveter.
## 难点解析
1. **sentimental**:A sentimental person is strongly influenced by emotional feelings, especially about happy memories of past events or relationships with other people, rather than by careful thought and judgment based on facts
2. **confederacy**:a situation in which states or people join together for a particular purpose, usually related to politics or trade, or a group formed like this

3. **territory**:(an area of) land, or sometimes sea, that is considered as belonging to or connected with a particular country or person

4. **willful**:(of something bad) done intentionally, or (of a person) determined to do exactly as you want, even if you know it is wrong

5. **bold**:not frightened of danger

6. **Depression** a period in which there is very little business activity and not many jobs/the state of feeling very unhappy and without hope for the future:

7. **lust** a very strong sexual desire/a very powerful feeling of wanting something:

8. **headstrong**:very determined to do what you want without listening to others:

9. **appeal**:a request to the public for money, information, or help

10. **landmark**:a building or place that is easily recognized, especially one that you can use to judge where you are

11. **comeuppance**:a person's bad luck that is considered to be a fair and deserved punishment for something bad that they have done。
12. **tainted**:spoiled; damaged in quality, taste, or value

13. **nostalgia**:a feeling of pleasure and also slight sadness when you think about things that happened in the past

14. **delicate**:needing careful treatment, especially because easily damaged