# 2021.5.20-read_material

## 朗读材料

### Not what it used to be!

By Derek Sivers

At music-business conferences, there are always panels of experts, talking about the current state of the music business, from their point of view.

They’re usually men over 50 who have been in the music business for 20 years, and they say things like:

“The music business isn’t what it used to be.”
“It doesn’t have any vision anymore.”
“Nobody knows what’s going on anymore.”
“It’s too big and bloated and corrupt now.”

My friend Clem Chambers said, “Have you noticed they’re just projecting their own decaying health into things?”

They aren’t what they used to be.
Their vision is fading.
They don’t know what’s going on anymore.
They’re big and bloated and corrupt.

So of course that’s how they’re going to see the world!

Wouldn’t it be interesting to get a panel of under-20 musicians and entrepreneurs to talk about how the music business looks to them?

## 难点解析
1. **conference**:an event, sometimes lasting a few days, at which there is a group of talks on a particular subject, or a meeting in which especially business matters are discussed formally
2. **bloated**:swollen and rounded because of containing too much air, liquid, or food
3. **corrupt**:dishonestly using your position or power to get an advantage, especially for money
4. **projecting**:to wrongly imagine that someone else is feeling a particular emotion or desire when in fact it is you who feels this way
5. **decay**:to become gradually damaged, worse, or less; to cause something to do this
6. **entrepreneur**:someone who starts their own business, especially when this involves seeing a new opportunity