# 2021.5.27-read_material

## 朗读材料

### 1 Main Capital: Outlook

My expectations for the coming year are for a (hopefully) boring economy. I am optimistic that COVID vaccines will be successfully administered to broad swathes of the global population and that global GDP will gradually enter a period of recovery. That, in addition to massive stimulus spending should provide a favorable backdrop for consumers to spend and for businesses to grow their earnings.

At the same time, market valuations are on the high end of historical levels, though they are not extreme by any means, and especially not when compared to historically low interest rates.

As pointed out in prior letters, there are certainly pockets of euphoria and speculation out there. As these pockets grow, it is natural to be concerned that their unraveling could eventually hurt consumer confidence and spending. However, I am hopeful that the global reopening will, at least for the mid-term, be the overwhelming factor helping to drive economic growth.

…

Of course, the most dangerous risks are the ones we are not thinking or talking about today and hopefully none emerge. If they do, I will keep an open mind and make sure we are positioned as though my net worth was substantially invested alongside you (it is).

## 难点解析
1. **vaccines**:a substance containing a virus or bacterium in a form that is not harmful, given to a person or animal to prevent them from getting the disease that the virus or bacterium causes
2. **swathe**:a large part of something that includes several different things
3. **massive**:very large in size, amount, or number
4. **stimulus**:something that causes growth or activity
5. **favorable**:positive or pleasing
6. **backdrop**:the view behind something/the general situation in which particular events happen
7. **Low interest rates**: more spending money in consumers' pockets. That also means they may be willing to make larger purchases and will borrow more, which spurs demand for household goods. This is an added benefit to financial institutions because banks are able to lend more.

8. **euphoria**: extreme happiness, sometimes more than is reasonable in a particular situation

9. **speculation**: the activity of guessing possible answers to a question without having enough information to be certain

10. **unravel**:If a process or achievement that was slow and complicated unravels or is unravelled, it is destroyed

11. **overwhelming**:difficult to fight against

12. **substantially**:to a large degree