# 2021.5.31-read_material

## 朗读材料

### Your Relationship With Your Alarm Clock

By Steve Pavlina

If you use an alarm clock to wake up in the morning, think about the relationship you’d like to create with your alarm clock. What would be the healthiest and happiest version of that relationship for you?

If you were an alarm clock, what kind of relationship would you want to have with your human?

For instance, maybe your alarm clock would appreciate it if you’d pat it on the head now and then and say, “Thanks for waking me up today. I appreciate you!”

How would your alarm clock feel about being put across the room and kept at a distance from you? How would it feel if you groaned when it sounded off?

How would your alarm clock feel if you kept using the snooze feature? Would it potentially lose respect for you?

Have you ever thought about the kind of relationship you’d like to have with your alarm clock? How would you like to feel towards it, and how would you like to imagine that it feels towards you?

I normally use an alarm clock to wake up in the morning, set for 5am. I never use the snooze alarm since that wouldn’t help me experience the kind of relationships I want to have – with my alarm clock, with myself, and with the start of my day.

I like relating to my alarm clock on the basis of mutual trust and mutual respect. My alarm clock is my buddy who helps me start the day at the time of my choosing. It’s very reliable. I like knowing that I can trust it to sound off when I tell it.

## 难点解析
1. **for instance**:for example
2. **pat**:to touch someone or something gently and usually repeatedly with the hand flat
3. **groan**:a deep, long sound showing great pain or unhappiness/a complaining noise or phrase
4. **mutual**:(of two or more people or groups) feeling the same emotion, or doing the same thing to or for each other
5. **snooze**:to sleep lightly for a short time, especially somewhere other than in your bed
6. **potentially**:possibly